I, Lin Lan, can also cut the sky in one sentence
Lin Lan, I know you are a salute
But so what? You can't kill me
You think my Zhao family has dominated Jiangcheng for decades
Is that what you rely on?
What do you mean?
I have already given it to me and my children
Bought a revenge fund
The amount is 1 billion
In the event of an accident between me and my children
The revenge fund will not be launched
Then the global killer
Will hunt down you and those around you
Even if you have the whole red star behind you
But you still end up dead
Hahaha, divide it.
You have such a good trump card, why didn't you say it earlier?
You see scares me
Lin Lan, what if your eyesight is terrible?
Letting us go is your only way out
Zhao Tianba, you old fox is really cunning
No wonder you can thrive in Jiangcheng
I didn't expect it, I didn't expect it.
The mighty eldest sister also has times to give in
This is really my honor, Zhao Tianba
Ahahahaha
Sister, aren't you so-called hand-eye?
That's all you need to know.
Didn't you say
Is threatening your family your bottom line?
Hey, I'm in danger.
Am I still fine?
Ahahahaha
Zhao Tianba, I advise you to be a man in one sentence
Don't be too confident
After all, the world of ants is small
It's hard to see through things.
And in my eyes?
You are the ant